hi sam here from subaru australia and
welcome back to our between services
videos in this episode i'm talking to
you about the tires on your subaru your
tires are obviously important as they're
the only contact point between the road
surface and the Subarus symmetrical
all-wheel drive and vehicle dynamics
control systems there are many different
types of tires across the subaru range
and the tires that are fitted to your
car as standard equipment have been
optimally matched to suit the
characteristics of the vehicle and
they've been selected to provide the
best combination of handling stopping
ride comfort which is noise vibration
and harshness and wear performance for
each model because they are so important
Subaru Australia recommends tires should
be checked daily in order to ensure the
best possible performance safety and
wear don't panic though it's an easy
three-step process firstly we check the
tread depth and what you're looking for
is the tread depth compared to the wear
indicator across the tire this shows the
minimum depth of the tire tread so I can
show you what I'm talking about I've got
one here that's actually worn out past
the wear indicators I wouldn't like to
be driving a car with this tire on them
secondly we do a visual check of the
tire we're looking for uneven wear
across the tread we're looking for
damage such as a cut on the sidewall or
even the nail in the tire which could
happen any day and that's why it's
important to check this daily lastly and
you'll need a tire pressure gauge to do
this we check the pressure of each wheel
and tire the one that I'm using is like
the one that you'd find at a service
station
in this case for Forester with a normal
loading the tire pressure should be 220
kPa which is what it is the tire placard
that I found that information from is
located inside the driver's front door
on the pillar and it'll show the correct
tire specification the ratings and
inflation pressures for when the cars
loaded and unloaded don't forget that
while you're doing this
check your spare tire for its wear and
its inflation because if it's deflated
and you need it you're in big trouble
rotation is also an important part of
the regular maintenance schedule this
simply means that we rotate the tire
position from the front to the rear to
increase the tire life and ensure even
wear characteristics when replacing a
tire be sure that it's the same size
type and brand in my experience with
Subaru I've seen a few fitting correct
tires to a Subaru vehicle it can result
in long term transmission damage if you
do need to replace your tires you don't
need to travel all over town as our
Subaru service centers are a one-stop
shop and have the big brand tires at
competitive prices